List all notable breaking changes (#13535)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/user_guide/pandas-2.0-breaking-changes.md

> # Major breaking changes in `cudf-24.04`
> 
> Following are list of all the breaking changes in `cudf-24.04`(i.e., `cudf` & `cudf.pandas`). Starting this release,
> the minimum `pandas` version has changed to `2.0.0`, for which the changelog is [here](
> https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/whatsnew/index.html#version-2-0).
> 
> A link to RAPIDS Support Notice is [here](https://docs.rapids.ai/notices/rsn0036/).

Reviewer: Suggesting a rewrite:
```suggestion
# Breaking changes for pandas 2 in cuDF 24.04+

In release 24.04 and later, cuDF requires pandas 2, following the announcement in [RAPIDS Support Notice 36](https://docs.rapids.ai/notices/rsn0036/).
Migrating to pandas 2 comes with a number of API and behavior changes, documented below.
The changes to support pandas 2 affect both `cudf` and `cudf.pandas` (cuDF pandas accelerator mode).
For more details, refer to the [pandas 2.0 changelog](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/whatsnew/index.html#version-2-0).
```

In [37]: s = cudf.Series([1, 2, 3])

In [38]: p = cudf.Series([10, 20, 30])

In [39]: s.append(p)
Out[39]:
0     1
1     2
2     3
0    10
1    20
2    30
dtype: int64
```

New behavior:
```python
In [40]: cudf.concat([s, p])
Out[40]:
0     1
1     2
2     3
0    10
1    20
2    30
dtype: int64
```

### Removed various numeric `Index` sub-classes, use `cudf.Index`

`Float32Index`, `Float64Index`, `GenericIndex`, `Int8Index`, `Int16Index`, `Int32Index`, `Int64Index`, `StringIndex`, `UInt8Index`, `UInt16Index`, `UInt32Index`, `UInt64Index` have all been removed, use `cudf.Index` directly with a `dtype` to construct the index instead.

Old behavior:
```python
In [35]: cudf.Int8Index([0, 1, 2])
Out[35]: Int8Index([0, 1, 2], dtype='int8')
```

New behavior:
```python
In [36]: cudf.Index([0, 1, 2], dtype='int8')
Out[36]: Index([0, 1, 2], dtype='int8')
```

### Binary operations between datetime & timedelta & scalars

Binary operations between scalars & Series, will result in preservation of the Series dtype.

Old behavior:

```python
In [3]: s = cudf.Series(["2000-01-01 00:00:00.012345678", "2000-01-31 00:00:00.012345678", "2000-02-29 00:00:00.012345678"], dtype='datetime64[us]')

>    ...: operator.add(s, cudf.DateOffset(**{'nanoseconds': 1}))

Author: Okay, this used to be a bug which is now fixed: 
```python
In [15]: s = cudf.Series(pd.Series([pd.Timestamp(2020, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1000)], dtype='datetime64[us]'))

In [17]: s + cudf.DateOffset(nanoseconds=1)
Out[17]: 
0   2020-01-01 00:00:00.001000001
dtype: datetime64[ns]
```

Removed this.

Out[3]:
0   2000-01-01 00:00:00.012345001
1   2000-01-31 00:00:00.012345001
2   2000-02-29 00:00:00.012345001
dtype: datetime64[ns]
```

New behavior:
```python
In [3]: s = cudf.Series(["2000-01-01 00:00:00.012345678", "2000-01-31 00:00:00.012345678", "2000-02-29 00:00:00.012345678"], dtype='datetime64[us]')
   ...: operator.add(s, cudf.DateOffset(**{'nanoseconds': 1}))
Out[3]:
0   2000-01-01 00:00:00.012345
1   2000-01-31 00:00:00.012345
2   2000-02-29 00:00:00.012345
dtype: datetime64[us]
```

### Change in bitwise operation results

> Bitwise operations between two unequally indexed objects will now not result in boolean results.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bitwise operations between two objects with different indexes will now not result in boolean results.
```

Old behavior:

```python
In [4]: s = cudf.Series(["a", "b", "c"])
   ...: s.rank(numeric_only=True)
Out[4]: Series([], dtype: float64)
```

New behavior:

```python
In [4]: s = cudf.Series(["a", "b", "c"])
   ...: s.rank(numeric_only=True)
TypeError: Series.rank does not allow numeric_only=True with non-numeric dtype.
```

### Value counts sets the results name to `count`/`proportion`

In past versions, when running `Series.value_counts()`, the result would inherit the original object's name, and the result index would be nameless. This would cause confusion when resetting the index, and the column names would not correspond with the column values. Now, the result name will be `'count'` (or `'proportion'` if `normalize=True`).

Old behavior:
```python
In [3]: cudf.Series(['quetzal', 'quetzal', 'elk'], name='animal').value_counts()

Out[3]:
quetzal    2
elk        1
Name: animal, dtype: int64
```

New behavior:
```python
In [3]: pd.Series(['quetzal', 'quetzal', 'elk'], name='animal').value_counts()

Out[3]:
animal
quetzal    2
elk        1
Name: count, dtype: int64
```

### `DataFrame.describe` will include datetime data by default

> Previously by default(i.e., `datetime_is_numeric=False`) `describe` would not return datetime data, going forward this parameter is inoperative will always include datetime columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously by default (i.e., `datetime_is_numeric=False`) `describe` would not return datetime data. Now this parameter is inoperative will always include datetime columns.
```

std         1.0    0.167047            0 days 00:00:00
min         1.0    0.000000  0 days 00:00:00.000000001
25%         1.5    0.117160  0 days 00:00:00.000000001
50%         2.0    0.234320  0 days 00:00:00.000000001
75%         2.5    0.278860  0 days 00:00:00.000000001
max         3.0    0.323400  0 days 00:00:00.000000002
```

New behavior:
```python
In [6]: df.describe()
Out[6]:
       int_data  float_data             timedelta_data                  datetime_data
count       3.0    3.000000                          3                              3
mean        2.0    0.185907  0 days 00:00:00.000000001  1970-01-01 00:00:00.000000001
min         1.0    0.000000  0 days 00:00:00.000000001  1970-01-01 00:00:00.000000001
25%         1.5    0.117160  0 days 00:00:00.000000001  1970-01-01 00:00:00.000000001
50%         2.0    0.234320  0 days 00:00:00.000000001  1970-01-01 00:00:00.000000001
75%         2.5    0.278860  0 days 00:00:00.000000001  1970-01-01 00:00:00.000000001
max         3.0    0.323400  0 days 00:00:00.000000002  1970-01-01 00:00:00.000000002
std         1.0    0.167047            0 days 00:00:00                           <NA>
```

> ### Converting a datetime to timezone-unaware dtype is not allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Converting a datetime string with `Z` to timezone-naive dtype is not allowed.
```

Old behavior:
```python
In [11]: s = cudf.Series(np.datetime_as_string(np.arange("2002-10-27T04:30", 10 * 60, 1, dtype="M8[m]"),timezone="UTC"))

In [12]: s
Out[12]:
0      2002-10-27T04:30Z
1      2002-10-27T04:31Z
2      2002-10-27T04:32Z
3      2002-10-27T04:33Z
4      2002-10-27T04:34Z
             ...
595    2002-10-27T14:25Z
596    2002-10-27T14:26Z
597    2002-10-27T14:27Z
598    2002-10-27T14:28Z
599    2002-10-27T14:29Z
Length: 600, dtype: object

In [13]: s.astype('datetime64[ns]')
Out[13]:
0     2002-10-27 04:30:00
1     2002-10-27 04:31:00
2     2002-10-27 04:32:00
3     2002-10-27 04:33:00
4     2002-10-27 04:34:00
              ...
595   2002-10-27 14:25:00
596   2002-10-27 14:26:00
597   2002-10-27 14:27:00
598   2002-10-27 14:28:00
599   2002-10-27 14:29:00
Length: 600, dtype: datetime64[ns]
```

New behavior:
```python
In [13]: s.astype('datetime64[ns]')

*** NotImplementedError: cuDF does not yet support timezone-aware datetimes casting
```

### `Datetime` & `Timedelta` reduction operations will preserve their time resolutions.

> Previously reduction operations on `datetime64` & `timedelta64` operations used to result in lower-resolution results,
> now the resolution of the actual object is preserved:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously reduction operations on `datetime64` & `timedelta64` types used to result in lower-resolution results.
Now the original resolution is preserved:
```

Old behavior:
```python
In [14]: sr = cudf.Series([10, None, 100, None, None], dtype='datetime64[us]')

In [15]: sr
Out[15]:
0    1970-01-01 00:00:00.000010
1                          <NA>
2    1970-01-01 00:00:00.000100
3                          <NA>
4                          <NA>
dtype: datetime64[us]

In [16]: sr.std()
Out[16]: Timedelta('0 days 00:00:00.000063639')
```

New behavior:
```python
In [16]: sr.std()
Out[16]: Timedelta('0 days 00:00:00.000063')
```

### `get_dummies` default return type is changed from `int8` to `bool`

The default return values of `get_dummies` will be `boolean` instead of `int8`

Old behavior:
```python
In [2]: s = cudf.Series([1, 2, 10, 11, None])

In [6]: cudf.get_dummies(s)
Out[6]:
   1   2   10  11
0   1   0   0   0
1   0   1   0   0
2   0   0   1   0
3   0   0   0   1
4   0   0   0   0
```

New behavior:
```python
In [3]: cudf.get_dummies(s)
Out[3]:
      1      2      10     11
0   True  False  False  False
1  False   True  False  False
2  False  False   True  False
3  False  False  False   True
4  False  False  False  False
```

### `reset_index` will name columns as `None` when `name=None`

> Until now, `reset_index` used to name columns as `0` or `self.name` if `name=None`. Going forward passing `name=None` will name the column as `None` itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`reset_index` used to name columns as `0` or `self.name` if `name=None`. Now, passing `name=None` will name the column as `None` exactly.
```
